README.md, before:

# wallpaper-picker

Simple utility to rotate wallpapers using feh or other utility
By default it is using **feh** which is working well with managers like [dwm](https://dwm.suckless.org/), [LeftWM](https://leftwm.org/) and [i3](https://i3wm.org/)

# Building

```
cargo build --release
```

## Format

```
cargo fmt
```

# Installation

##

## Local instalation if you have the repository

```
cargo install  --path ./

or

make install_local

```

# Enable in systemd

Using the make file provided

```
make install_service
```

# Building

To build:

```


```

# Usage

```
Usage: wallpaper-picker [OPTIONS]

Options:
  -i, --image-paths [<IMAGE_PATHS>...]
          List of directories where you can find images Configurable in the configuration file
  -c, --command <DIR>
          Binary to execute Configurable in the configuration file [default: /usr/bin/feh]
      --config <DIR>

      --command-args [<COMMAND_ARGS>...]
          Configure the command that will set the wallpaper Configurable in the configuration file [default: --no-fehbg --bg-scale]
      --image-extentions [<IMAGE_EXTENTIONS>...]
          [default: png jpg]
  -s, --sleep <SECONDS>
          Sleep time Configurable in the configuration file [default: 7200]
  -r, --rotate
          Rotate immediatley and exit
  -f, --force-duplicate
          Force duplicate process
  -o, --only-print
          Only print the image path to the standard out
  -h, --help
          Print help information
```

Commit message:

Add retry mechanism, Code cleanup

README.md, after:

# wallpaper-picker

Simple utility to rotate wallpapers using feh or other utility
By default it is using **feh** which is working well with managers like [dwm](https://dwm.suckless.org/), [LeftWM](https://leftwm.org/) and [i3](https://i3wm.org/)

# Building

```
cargo build --release
```

## Format

```
cargo fmt
```

# Installation

##

## Local instalation if you have the repository

```
cargo install  --path ./

or

make install_local

```

# Enable in systemd

Using the make file provided

```
make install_service
```

# Usage

```
Usage: wallpaper-picker [OPTIONS]

Options:
  -i, --image-paths [<IMAGE_PATHS>...]
          List of directories where you can find images Configurable in the configuration file
  -c, --command <DIR>
          Binary to execute Configurable in the configuration file [default: /usr/bin/feh]
      --config <DIR>

      --command-args [<COMMAND_ARGS>...]
          Configure the command that will set the wallpaper Configurable in the configuration file [default: --no-fehbg --bg-scale]
      --image-extentions [<IMAGE_EXTENTIONS>...]
          List of the image extention to be loaded from the directory [default: png jpg jpeg]
  -s, --sleep <SECONDS>
          Sleep time Configurable in the configuration file [default: 7200]
  -r, --rotate
          Rotate immediatley and exit This will not check for running process
  -f, --force-duplicate
          Force duplicate process
  -o, --only-print
          Only print the image path to the standard out
      --retries <RETRIES>
          Retry the the command execution In some casses we might have started the loop before we need all the stuff we need [default: 10]
  -h, --help
          Print help
```
